Seijaku wo kirisaku you otozureta no wa
(The arrival, tearing the silence into pieces)
Hitsuzen to shite no kaikou bokura no tame ni
(Was a predestined encounter for our sake)
Koukai wo nageku me ni utsuru kimi wa sou
(And so, you, with regret showing in your grieving eyes)
Urei wo matotte utsukushiku saita
(You wore your sorrow and bloomed beautifully)
Dareka no seimei ni tokeru hana
(A flower, dissolving into someone's life -)
Nee ...
(hey...)
kimi ni mo mieru darou
(you can see it too, can't you? )
Kitto
(I'm sure)
Kasaneta ayamachi nurikaeru you
(To overwrite the accumulated sins)
Nando demo ii sa kurikaeshite iku SUTAATO RAIN
(You've got as many times as you need, from the repeating start line)
Kako to wa chigau asu wo
(Painting a tomorrow different from the past)
Futari dake no kibou egaku SUTAATO RAIN
(Painting hope for just the two of us, there's the start line)
I never say good bye
Itsu datte sou sa
(That's how it always is)